alright guys we're back and this is riff
raff 1988 and today we're going to be
showing you how to get clay so what
you're going to do is take your pick
your cobblestone again and you're going
to break this down into gravel then
you're going to break it down again into
sand I'll do this here so we're getting
our sand next we want to break the sand
down into dust what we do with this dust
is you actually have to if you're doing
this legitimate you're going to have to
wait for it to rain so we're going to
actually just make it rain make it rain
on them hope and as you can see as soon
as it started raining these barrels are
starting to fill up
we'll just boil it while they're filling
up we'll probably get a few more of
these here and once the barrels fill up
you just right click on them with the
dust and that will give you a clay block
get back to my hammer there we go
one more sand here and that will give us
a little bit more clay and we can fill
out these barrels up so you do have to
wait for it to rain there's no other way
to get water in sky factory and these
are all almost full so in a second here
we'll just right-click on them with the
dust right here and that will give us
our clay blocks so these oak barrels are
extremely useful they have multiple
purposes this is just one of them so
they look like they're full do whether
clear and there you go just right-click
on it it mixes the dust in the water and
you end up with your clay blocks and
then you just right-click it again just
like you do a dirt and it pops it right
up out of there now these you can take
and uh if you just take these clay
blocks and break them that will give you
your clay balls if you need those so if
this was helpful guys leave a like or a
comment below